X_Steem-Calculator Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) governs your use of the X_Steem-Calculator application (the “Application”).

This Policy is designed to inform you of how the Application works, what information may be gathered during your use of the Application, and what use may be made of that information. 

By agreeing to the terms of this Policy, and separately by using the Application, you consent to the Policy and to the collection, processing, disclosure and use of your information as described in this Policy.

X_Steem-Calculator reserves the right to modify the terms of this Policy in its sole discretion, and your continued use of the Application after the modified Policy is available shall constitute your consent to the revised Policy.

Should you not wish to have your information gathered or used as described, you should uninstall the Application from the device (or devices) on which you have downloaded it.

WHAT INFORMATION DOES THE APPLICATION COLLECT?

Log and Usage Data

- We may log information when you access and use the Services. This may include your IP address, user-agent string, operating system, referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), pages visited, links clicked, user interactions, the requested URL, hardware settings, and search terms.

Information from Cookies

- We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your App stores and sends back to us when we make requests. We use this information to improve your experience, understand user activity, and improve the quality of our Services. For example, we store and retrieve information about your preferred settings.

HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED?

We may use your information to improve the Application and to improve your experience with it.

Your information also enables you to use certain features and functions of the Application, and it is used for that purpose.

We generally do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties.

However, we may share or transfer your information only if

(1) as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, warrant or similar legal process;
(2) when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government request

We also may transfer or disclose anonymised or aggregated information to parties that assist us in designing, operating or improving the Application.

HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?

We are concerned with safeguarding your information.

We provide physical, electronic and policy safeguards to protect information we collect, process and maintain.

Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we collect and use, no security system can prevent all unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of personal information.

